Fixing more malformed links in meta text (#3743)
flutter/website: src/docs/release/breaking-changes/template.md

Relevant PRs:
* [PR title #1][]
* [PR title #2][]
{% endcomment %}

{% comment %}
Add the links to the end of the file in alphabetical order.
I've had to comment out these faux links because they cause

> the Travia build to believe they are broken linksconfuse,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Travis build to believe they are broken links,
```
